just because it's all about looks that's
why every person in this room work on
yourselves work on yourselves work on
yourself I Spit on education no man will
ever put his hand up your dress looking
for a library card it is stupid stupid
that one will have a good housewife not
one of you is made love to because you
did the linoleum the floors immaculate
lie down you hot bitch it doesn't happen
you're married for money well I won't
have an orgasm you want to orgasm you
want a hug as um you marry an old
disgusting man have him take you to a
fur shop and you say should I get the
sable or the mink and he'll say take
both you'll have an orgasm like you
never
Zakhar it's all bad you know who knows
this second wives second wives first
lives no nothing I laugh at first wives
ha ha ha because you're stupid thank you
first wives say thank you very British
thank you for the shit ring thank you
for the cloth coat I'm so glad your
mother's gonna live with us it's all
about that second why's what's the fuck
is this
you give this piece of shit to your
mother let her wear a swimming face down
that's why every woman in this room
tonight think like a second wife you
grab and you take you grab and you take
and when you die whatever you got out of
him you have buried on you if the next
bitch wants it make her jig for it yes
make her dig and third wives always
Chinese I don't know what it's just
a man hits 85 oshi the balls are on the
ground who she loves me she's 19 I
really romeorock you give me credit card
I love you more
you don't I walk on your back and I
break it it's true because it's all
about getting things get it I've learnt
this lesson the one hand I've had
tragedy yes I've had tragedy my